"Display" Credential Issuer Metadata (#1167)
italia/eidas-it-wallet-docs: docs/en/credential-issuer-metadata.rst

                - **background_color**: OPTIONAL. String value of a background color of the Digital Credential represented as numerical color values defined in `W3C.CSS-COLOR`_.

>           - **claims**: REQUIRED. Array of JSON object each describing how a certain claim related to the Credential MUST be displayed to the User. This Array lists the claims in the order they MUST be displayed by the Wallet. To provide detailed information about the claim, the innermost value contains the following parameters. See `OpenID4VCI`_ Section A.3.2.

Reviewer: it would be better to reference Section B.2 instead, since Section A.3.2 is specific to the SD-JWT VC format

```suggestion
          - **claims**: REQUIRED. Array of JSON object each describing how a certain claim related to the Credential MUST be displayed to the User. This Array lists the claims in the order they MUST be displayed by the Wallet. To provide detailed information about the claim, the innermost value contains the following parameters. See `OpenID4VCI`_ Section B.2.
```

            - **path**: REQUIRED. It contains the pointer that specifies the path to a specific claim within the Digital Credential as defined in Appendix C of `OpenID4VCI`_.

>             - **mandatory**: REQUIRED. Boolean which, when set to `true`, indicates that the Credential Issuer will always include this claim in the issued Credential.

Reviewer: Section B.2 only marks the claim path as required. We could mark `mandatory` as optional .. in some examples `mandatory` is not included

Author: In the technical specification, we have only the following example: 

<img width="591" height="537" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/91ebd74b-b777-4285-864e-a47fbfba6dd8" />.

The European implementation uses the Metadata Type to validate a credential in SD-JWT during a credential Presentation. So I think that it is important to always have this claim.

Reviewer: I noticed that in mdoc isn't always included, for ex. [here](https://openid.net/specs/openid-4-verifiable-credential-issuance-1_0.html#name-credential-issuer-metadata-5) .. However, mark as required in it-wallet  would not be an issue for interoperability, so it's ok for me

            - **sd**: REQUIRED.String indicating whether the claim is selectively disclosable. It MUST be set to `always` if the claim is selectively disclosure or `never` if not.

>             - **display**: CONDITIONAL. REQUIRED only for the claims that are defined in the specific Attestation Rulebook. Array of objects containing display language properties. Array containing display information about the claim indicated in the ``path``. The array contains an object for each language supported. It contains the following parameters:

Author: ```suggestion
            - **display**: CONDITIONAL. REQUIRED only for the claims that are shown to the User. Array of objects containing display language properties. Array containing display information about the claim indicated in the ``path``. The array contains an object for each language supported. It contains the following parameters:
```
